Well, we have many fine examples of those who have maintained their focus during extreme
life events.
But consider the experience of Felix and Myra Tarazas and the following prerecorded
interview.
Well, it's a privilege to be with Felix and Myra Tarazas serving at Wal-Kill.
We understand it's been a very difficult year.
Could you share some of the details of your medical condition?
Well, about a year and a half ago, I started developing an infrequent
pain in my chest, which led me to seeing several doctors.
Soon thereafter, I was diagnosed with a malignant tumor that was only going to be
treatable by its complete removal.
After the surgery, we were hoping to hear good news moving forward.
Then a few weeks later, one of my doctors conveyed to us some of the most
difficult words that one can imagine hearing, a life expectancy of just a few
months.
Wow.
That had to have been difficult to hear.
How were you able to get your mind wrapped around that?
Well, as you can imagine, after many intense and tearful prayers asking Jehovah to give
us a piece of mine to give us a comb heart and wisdom to make a good decision, we decided
on a treatment to hospice care that would allow me to make the most of the time that I had
left and to be able to give my very best to Jehovah.
That's remarkable Felix.
And my, you're such a supportive wife.
How have you been able to be so positive?
I have to say it's my hope in Jehovah.
That is what's helped me.
At the moment, we're sharing in the sufferings mentioned the 2nd Corinthians 1, 7.
But the verse concludes we will also share in the comfort.
And we are also experiencing that right now.
I have no doubt I'll see Felix again at the resurrection.
When I look to the future, I can vividly picture us walking through the paradise earth, enjoying
Jehovah's beautiful creation.
This is the life, the real life Jehovah promises.
And it's this hope that gives me joy and peace.
Beautifully expressed.
Thank you.
And Felix, how have you been able to be so joyful?
My relationship with Jehovah has never been stronger than it is right now.
And I believe it's this closeness and this intimacy with him that is providing me the
joy that I'm experiencing.
Now Philippians 4, 6, and 7 assures me that by prayer and by supplication, it says that
the peace of God will guard your hearts.
Prayer has been so indispensable in bringing me peace during this process.
And it's also amplified my appreciation for the resurrection like I have never experienced
before.
Proverbs 12.25 I think perfectly illustrates our current situation.
There it says, anxiety in a man's heart can weigh it down.
But a good word says it cheers it up.
Both my and I and I have benefited from what we feel is an enormous storehouse of good
words received in the way of concern, of love and compassion from the brotherhood.
And lastly, my current circumstances have opened up such a wonderful opportunity to share
kingdom truths with family members, including the beautiful privilege of being able to study
the Bible with my mother during the past few months.
Oh, amazing.
Tell us, how is this experience affected your faith and trust in Jehovah?
Well, we have seen Jehovah's hand from the very beginning, but one time sticks out
in my mind.
It was the day we received Felix's prognosis.
That evening, the Bethel family watched our study, considered the article, keep calm
and trust in Jehovah.
And this was followed by a lecture entitled, remain in Jehovah's everlasting arms.
Jehovah provided us exactly what we needed to hear that very day.
We felt it was an answer to our prayers as if to reassure us he has everything under control.
This has strengthened my faith in that Jehovah will continue to more than super abundantly
provide for us care and guidance as we face new challenges.
And without a doubt, fulfill his promises for the future.
I think when you come to understand that you only have a short time to live, you know,
that's something that can very easily knock you right off of your feet.
But we know that we have been grasped by Jehovah's carrying hands right now.
And that is what stabilized us.
You know, throughout this ordeal, we have seen Jehovah's love, his care and assistance
in every decision and every step that we've taken from the first visits to the doctors
through surgery and into the most difficult part of the prognosis, we have lacked nothing.
I absolutely know that my faith has only been strengthened by the challenges of this trial.
So now, as I prepare to close my eyes and fall asleep for just a brief time, it is a privilege
for me to demonstrate to Jehovah my trust in all of his promises and to maintain complete
integrity right down to the end.
What an outstanding expression of faith.
Thank you both so much for sharing those deeply personal and motivating expressions.
You are a living example of faith in action and we love you.
I can't tell you how many times I've seen that and it's so moving each time.
On June the 8th, 2021, a dear brother Felix went to sleep in death just seven weeks after
this interview and any, frankly, that was around the terraces during this time.
You would see firsthand the power of faith and their focus and wanting to give Jehovah
their absolute best.
It was true.
Myra, the dear Myra continues to show that same faith and endurance even now.
And Felix's mother, she's continued to progress spiritually we understand.
Felix will be so happy to hear.